Project: Shooting Star:
When I started this Shooting Star project, I didn't have much knowledge for JS, I only knew simple statements such as ellipse, fill. Over the course of this project, I learned how to put these statements into functions, and use them to create interesting animations. In this case, I created two stars shooting towards the center from the top left and right corner. After this project, I was more motivate to continue, because I've always liked animation, but did not have the knowledge to put all the codes together. I recommend beginner programmers to try this project.

Project: Recipe Book:
In life, I would consider myself a good cook. Due to the popularity of internet, I think is important to understand how to create a recipe Book online to share my ideas. This project helped me to develop my web design ability, which I display by using hyperlinks, color styles, table row. I think this project is significant because this will help you develop the fundamentals of web designing.

Project: Hoppy Beaver Extreme:
I like challenges in games, during this project, I added an obstacle to the game where, Beaver must avoid catching the red pipes. If user catched the red pipes, their score to decrease 1, the score can also go negative, Users must be cautious of their moves. The idea of the project is to add challenges to JS games, this is important for beginner game developers, like I said earlier, I think that games should include challenges to increase the interest of their player base.

Project: Asteroids Spaceship:
During the course of the Asteroids Spaceship project, I ran into obstacles such as, spaceship won't dispaly again if it passed the edge of the canvas; Due to the fact that I did not have physics, I had a hard to learning Natural simulations in general. However, I went throguh all the practices, challenges, this project is one of the examples of my work. Like I said earlier, I think that this project is more advanced, if beginner programmers think that they're ready, they should try out this project and Natural Simulations in general. I think this is a good course and project to test what I've learned so far.

Project: Build A House:
In my opinion, the main idea of this project is to for beginner programmers understand and use simple statements such as: fill, while loop, shape commands to form an object, in this case a house. This can help begineers to use loops to draw simple objects and, insert image links to combine with the object you created.

Project: Magic 8 Ball:
I used to play magic 8 ball with my friends, it was entertaining, hence why I picked this project. However, I think is also important for beginner programmers to master this project, because this project requires you to have strong understanding and use of conditional statements. At the same time, I had to learn how to place all displaying objects at the correct coordinate.

Project: Creature comforts and critter jitters:
Over the course of this project, I've learned and came aross many obstacles. One of the reason is that I don't have physics, and I had a hard time learning as a rookie. However, Khan Academy has simple and easy to understand instructions for beginners like me, I eventually made the code to work, and I enjoyed the learning process of this project.

Project: Design a Store Database:
During this project, I've learned that SQL is easy to understand and can be helpful for my future projects. The main idea of this project is to create my own store, this online store will contain item names, item quantity and prices. This can be useful for future projects when I need to store variables or anything in an library, and I can select any variables I want from the library any time, All users need to do is to use the Select statement.

Summative: Starfield In Progress
The Starfield is the Summative for this course. The main idea for this summative is to teach my classmates to code this game/display. Over the course of the lesion preparation, I had to search up history, mathematics and of course, the Computer Science aspects of the game. Mr.O (my Computer Science teacher) required me and my partner to create a github website to store all the information about Starfield. Me and my partner had to learn and have deep understanding of both background context of Starfield, and how to code Starfield. Me and my partner didn't just finished the project/summative, we also knowledged ourselves to all the aspects relates to Starfield, Here's the link to our github, feel free to check it out!

Computer Science: Programming:
In my opinion, I think is important for beginners to finish and master this module at Khan Academy. The reason why I say this is because first, Khan Academy gives clear instructions and insights to programming, not just this module, but all content inside the website. Second, I think that this module contains fundamentals of coding, sessions such as: Variables, Strings, Conditionals, Lists... Could give beginners like me a fine, easy to understand introduction to the world of coding. Although I took Computer Science classes before starting this module, i had a 1 year time period where I took a break from coding, and I was focusing on other subjects in school, this introduction module essentially helped me to knock the cobwebs off, which gave me confidence in the future advanced modules.

FCC (Freecodecamp):
Sadly, I didn't have time to finish all the modules, but I completed the JavaScript Algorithms and Data Structures Certification. My experience on FCC was way different than compare to Khan Academy. I personally like Khan Academy more, however, as a student, I think is important to have multiple ways to learn about certain subjects. I recommend beginner programmers to try out multiple coding websites, because sometimes people may find themselves work better with certain websites. I had a good time on Freecodecamp, the instructions were clear and simple, lesions were effective.


