What should one take note of on your portfolio?

There're two things I want the viewers especially beginner programmers to take notes of from my website. First, the design, In my opinon, I think that my website 
has a good design and theme. Second, the theme of this website. I think that the main idea of this project/website is to share with others what've doned and learned in this course, and 
share the experiences of my learning process to beginners, hopefully they can learn not to step into holes that I stepped in, use and learn from positive and helpful websites 
that I found helpful (Khan Academy, Freecodecamp).


What does it mean to have good programming practices?

"Practice makes perfect." This phrase is a thing for a reason. I think as beginner programmers we have to practice everytday, until we feel confortable with our
coding abilities. To do that, we have to find our weak points, let's say that I'm bad at drawing on the canvas, I would find or create topics/questions for myself 
to practice on, like math. This is why earlier at the FCC I said that as students, is really important to have multiple ways of learning. Although different websites 
are teaching us the same content/concept, but during that learning process, we as students will gain deeper knowledge or even strengthen our muscle memory of certain
topics. I would suggest beginner programmers to research useful websites and resources, and share thoese resources on the internet, let other new programmers to learn 
better and more comfortably :)


How will you continue learning about computer science?

Like I said on my introduction, I'm planning on doing Computer Science related post-secondary educations. So I would continue work on Khan Academy, I would switch Khan Academy
to a hobby rather than a schoolwork website. I would continue searching for new resources and websites for me to learn, join programming clubs such as coding club in my school
to share my information with others, hopefully I can help them and they can help me :) 
